= Introduction =
===Rare Mob Killer -Plugin - Version 2.0===

*First:* Botting is against the Rules, so bot carefull and don't get slaphappy if you use this Plugin with your Main Account. Circle around 24/7 is very risky.  Good Luck in Hunting everybody 

*This Plugin will help you hunt Rare Mobs like TLPD
It can also hunt a Mob by ID or tame your Hunter his favourite Pet.*

And Now also implemented in Test Stage: 
*--> Aeonaxx and Camel Figurine Interactor*

If your WOW notices a hunted Mob, this Plugin will take control over your toon and flys or walks to the Mob and aggro him with an instant spell.

If falling down from the Mount (while hunting flying Mobs) the implemented Slowfall-Part, if enabled, will cast slowfall, so you wont die. Ones Aggro your CC will bring it to the end and loot the Mob. The Plugin also plays a Sound if found a hunted Mob. I implemented a little workaround to make sure your Rares will be lootet, even if you disable it in GB2. 

For your Security and to look more human while camping I also implemented
  * a Wisper-Alert inkl Battle Net Wispers
  * a Guildmessage-Alert inkl Officers Channel
  * a Keypresser which presses a Key every 3 - 14 Minutes to avoid AFK like a Human
  * a Logout which logs you out if your Toon gets portet (notices if the Continent changes)
  * use Heartstone if someone follows you

You could use this Plugin beside Gathering, Arching and Leveling.
If running this Plugin with Botbase GB2 you also need a Profile.

= Index =

===How to Use===
  * [Installation]
  * [DescriptionConfigWindow Description of the Config Window]
  * [Profiles].
  * [BotSave Bot Save]
  * [UsefullHints Usefull Hints]

===Easy Setups===
  * [TLPD Timelost Protodrake]
  * [Aeonaxx]
  * [Poseidus]
  * [GreyRidingCamel Grey Riding Camel]

===Miscelaneous===
  * [SpecialThanks Special Thanks]
  * [Versions]
  * [NextFeatures Next planned Features]