#summary Tame a Beast.

= The Tamer =

If you are a Hunter you maybe want to Tame a Rare Beast instead of killing him.

Hint: Just use this Plugin-Part if you are sure, your Toon has enough free Slots to tame. Rarekiller is not able to check this, it is in your own responsibility to verify this.

===don't kill tameable Mobs===
If you check *"don't kill tameable Mobs"* Rarekiller is not allowed to kill Raremobs he found which are tameable. Anyhow: If you don't set this and you meet a Mob which is hunted also to kill and to tame the Bot will in 90% first try to tame the Mob.
===Tame Default Pets===
... means: The Tamer Part wil try to tame the Mobs of the List Tameablemobs.xml in the Configfolder of your Rarekiller, if he founds them. You could edit this List and add your own favourite Mobs to the List if you want.

*Per Default in the List:*
  * Entry="49822" Name="Jadefang"
  * Entry="50051" Name="Ghostcrawler"
  * Entry="50138" Name="Karoma"
  * Entry="51401" Name="Madexx Red"
  * Entry="51402" Name="Madexx Green"
  * Entry="51404" Name="Madexx Blue"
  * Entry="51403" Name="Madexx Black"
  * Entry="50154" Name="Madexx Brown"
  * Entry="50058" Name="Terrorpene"
  * Entry="32517" Name="Loque'nahak"
  * Entry="32481" Name="Aotona"
  * Entry="33776" Name="Gondria"
  * Entry="35189" Name="Skoll"
  * Entry="38543" Name="Arcturis"
  * Entry="32485" Name="King Krush"
  * Entry="20932" Name="Nuramoc"
  * Entry="17144" Name="Goretooth"
  * Entry="50159" Name="Sambas"

=== Tame by ID ===
If you searchfor a special Mob to Tame you could check *"Tame by ID"* and insert his Mob ID to the Textfield. 
You found the Mob-Id if you search the Mob on [http://www.wowhead.com wowhead] and look at the Adress of the Site of your searched Mob:

For example Ghostcrawler:
  * ID: 50051
  * WOWHead Site: http://www.wowhead.com/npc=50051