#summary Easy Setup Timelost Protodrake.

= Easy Setup Timelost Protodrake for Livetime User and Paid Plugin=

  # [Installation Install] and Enable the Plugin in your HB
  # Buy some [http://www.wowhead.com/item=43472 Snowfall Lager] (If you don't play on a english client you have ot replace _Snowfall Lager_ on the Config Window in your Client Language)
  # Open the [DescriptionConfigWindow Configwindow]. Take a look at the Settings for Slowfall on Tap Two and the Security Settings on Tap Three
  # Check *"Keypresser"* on Tap Two and then press Save.
  # [Installation Enable Automatically Dismount in WOW]
  # Download the Profile for Bors Breath -->  [http://pluginrarekiller.googlecode.com/svn/profile/ Link Here]
  # Place your toon somewhere to Bor's Breath
  # Choose Gatherbuddy2, load the Profile and press start.


= Easy Setup Timelost Protodrake without Livetime =

  # [Installation Install] and Enable the Plugin in your HB
  # Open the [DescriptionConfigWindow Configwindow]. Take a look at the Security Settings on Tap Three
  # Check *"Keypresser"* and  *"Groundmountmode"* on Tap Two and then press Save.
  # Download the Camperprofile for Grindbot --> [http://www.thebuddyforum.com/attachments/honorbuddy-forum/submitted-profiles/neutral/15582d1295802188-%5Bn%5D%5Bcamper%5D-never-afk-again-camper-1-0.xml Link Here]
  # Place your toon as near as you can to a Spawn Point of the TLPD
  # If you are a Rogue or Paladin config a range Pullspell like Sinsiter Strike or Exorcism.
  # Choose Grindbot, load the Profile and press start.

=== Test the Plugin for TLPD ===
If you want to Hunt TLPD its a good idea to test the Plugin before going AFK:

  * Enable Hunt by ID and write 33687 in the Textbox and Save. Now the Plugin will also hunt Chillmaw in Icecrown. If you want to use Snowfall Lager as Slowfall ability then you must test with the Stormpeak Wyrms, ID 29753.
  * Setup your Slowfall, Pullrange/-spell, Slowfalltimer and all the other stuff. Use the [http://www.thebuddyforum.com/attachments/honorbuddy-forum/submitted-profiles/neutral/15582d1295802188-%5Bn%5D%5Bcamper%5D-never-afk-again-camper-1-0.xml Camperprofile (link)] with Grindbot and start. Then fly manually near the point were Chillmaw or the Stormpeakwyrms are.
  * If everything works right the bot will fly to the hunted Mob, pull him and use the slowfall if he is higher above the ground and then finally kills him.

If this works you can go hunting. 