#summary Newest Changings.

= Versions =

*Version 1.7*
  * Implement that the Bot will move on if he don't reach a hunted Mob after x Seconds.
  * Implement an Option that the Bot don't change the Area if he trys to reach a hunted Mob.
  * Hopefully Blacklist also all Level 1-60 underground and inside Mobs (List is attached in the Readme Folder) and attached to my last Post.
  * Implemented that he would log a failure and move on, if he doesn't find your Soundfile.
  * Implement a dismount before Pull for all Mobs excluding TLPD, Vyragosa, Blazewing. So if you don't want to hunt flying Mobs you can disable Auto dismount in WOW, if you want.

* Version 2.0 - 28.04.2011* 
  * I implemented Auto Updater via SVN
  * I implemented ~BlacklistMob.txt editable for Users for the Rarekiller Part -> So you can insert your own Problemmobs to the List
  * I implemented List of Tameable Default Mobs -> so you Hunter could insert all your favourite tameable Mobs to the List you want him to tame per default if seen.
  * I implemented avoid Dormus AOE -> he will strafe left while he has the buff "Spit" - hopefully this is better in the Bossfight then just standing in the AOE
  * I implemented Groundmountmode for TLPD -> He will not be able to go or fly to the TLPD, but he will wait if he comes in range and then pull him from the actual Location. A chance for People without Lifetime.
  * I implemented Battlenetwisperalert and Officerschatalert (I personally need them)
  * I implemented Cleanup on Botstop -> so the Bug is fixed if you stop
  * I implemented Klick to Move for Dormus -> walks smoother then the implemented move per keypress
  
*Version 2.1 - 03.05.2011*
  * Re-Arrange Config Window
  * Implement Blood Seeker für Aeonaxx
  * Implement kill only Poseidus for Mounts
  * Implement Logout after successfull Looting TLPD, Aeonaxx, Dormus and Poseidus
  * Groundmountmode for Poseidus
  * Fixed a Bug with the "don't leave Zone Feature"
  * rewrite Move to Dormus Part to Navigatormovement